To Make Crust: In a medium bowl, combine flour and salt and mix well.
With twoknives or a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture is in fine crumbs.
Gradually add just enough ice water so that the pastry holds together.
Forminto a ball, then flatten into a disk.
Handle as little as possible.
Wraptightly in plastic wrap and chill for at least 1 to 2 hours.
Roll out crust on lightly floured surface with lightly floured rolling pin.
Turn crust over frequently and lightly re-flour work surface and rolling pinas necessary.
Crust should be rolled into a circle about 13 inches indiameter.
Fit crust into an ungreased 9 inch pie plate of heatproof glass;form a high-standing rim, trimming excess from edges and pinching or flutingrim decoratively as desired.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 C).
Thoroughly prick crust all over withfork.
Chill for at least 10 minutes while oven heats.
Bake in preheated oven 5minutes (crust will not brown).
Remove to rack and cool completely beforefilling.
Leave oven at 400 degrees F (205 C).
Break up pecan pieces and sprinkle themevenly on the bottom of the cooled pie shell.
To Make Filling: In a small bowl beat eggs to combine.
Add espresso powder andbeat to mix.
Let stand at least 10 minutes, beating occasionally to dissolveespresso.
In a medium bowl cream softened butter, sugar, and vanilla until light andfluffy.
Beat in cocoa and salt.
Add egg/espresso mixture 1/3 at a time,beating after each addition, until smooth.
Stir in corn syrup.
This mixturewill be like custard and it will be thick.
Pour mixture slowly over pecans in pie shell.
If any pecans do not getcompletely covered by the filling, submerge them until they do.
Let stand 2 to3 minutes; with toothpick or tip of sharp knife, pierce any remaining airbubbles (during this standing period, pecans may rise to top of pie).
Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes.
Reduce heat from 400 degrees F (205 C)to 350 degrees F (175 C) and bake 33 to 37 minutes longer (or until edges arecracked and risen but pie center still quivers slightly when pie is shakengently).
Do not over-bake! If pie begins to brown excessively, cover toplightly with foil.
Remove from oven; cool on rack before serving.
