To make crust: Mix flour, sugar and salt in a medium bowl.
Rub cream cheeseinto flour mixture with fingertips to blend thoroughly.
Using a box grater,grate frozen butter and shortening into flour mixture.
Working quickly, rubfat into flour until it has the texture of coarse sand and small pebbles.
Stirin ice-cold water with a fork until dough clumps form; press to form acohesive ball.
Wrap dough in plastic wrap, pressing it into a thick disk.
Refrigerate until cold and firm, at least 1 hour.
(Can be refrigerated up to 2days or frozen for a month.
)Roll dough on a lightly floured surface into a 14-inch circle, turningfrequently and dusting with flour to keep it from sticking.
Fold dough inhalf; quickly lift it into 9-inch Pyrex (not deep-dish) pie plate and unfold.
Fit dough into plate so it is not stretched in any way.
Trim with scissors to1/2-inch beyond pan lip.
Roll overhanging dough under with fingertips so it isflush with pan lip, then flute.
Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 4hours.
(Do not prick shell with a fork.
)Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 400 degrees.
Line pieshell with a sheet of heavy-duty foil.
Crumple 3 large pieces of foil intoballs and place in shell to act as light weights.
Bake (lightly pressing onfoil if dough starts to balloon) until fluting turns golden brown, 18 to 20minutes.
Remove all foil; bake until bottom starts to turn golden brown, about5 minutes longer.
Remove shell from oven.
To make filling: Adjust oven rack to middle position and reduce temperature to300 degrees.
In a separate pie plate, toast pecans in oven until fragrant,about 10 minutes.
Reduce temperature to 250.
Meanwhile, heat brown sugar and corn syrup in amedium heat-proof bowl over a pan of barely simmering water until sugar isalmost dissolved.
In another medium bowl, whisk eggs, yolks, vanilla and salt.
Slowly whisk warm sugar mixture into eggs.
Return bowl to pan of simmeringwater.
Whisk in butter.
In a small pan over low heat, stir together cornstarchand water until pasty thick; whisk into sugar-egg mixture.
Heat in bowl oversimmering water, stirring frequently.
Set pie shell on middle oven rack.
Sprinkle in pecans, then pour filling into shell.
Bake until pie puffsslightly and just sets, 35 to 45 minutes.
Cool to room temperature and serve.
