Mix water, sugar, yeast, and 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil for severalseconds on low speed in the work bowl of a large stand mixer fitted with adough hook.
Stop the mixer and add the flour and salt.
Start the mixer on lowspeed and mix until the flour mixture is incorporated with the yeast mixture;turn speed to medium-low and machine-knead the dough until springy and smooth,10 to 12 minutes.
Sprinkle dough with flour occasionally if it sticks to thesides of the bowl.
Form dough into a ball and place into an oiled bowl; turn the dough over inthe bowl several times to oil the surface of the dough.
Cover the dough with atowel, set into a warm place, and allow to rise until double, 30 minutes to 1hour.
Cook the bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat until evenlybrowned, about 10 minutes; drain on a paper towel-lined plate and allow tocool; chop and set aside.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat.
Cook the garlic in the meltedbutter until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Stir the cream into the butter mixture.
Add the egg yolks and whisk with the butter mixture until smooth.
Stir 1/2 cupof Parmesan cheese, the Romano cheese, and nutmeg into the mixture; season totaste with salt.
Bring the sauce just barely to a simmer over low heat; cookand stir at a simmer until cheeses have melted and sauce has thickened, 3 to 5minutes.
Remove from heat and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix the paprika, cayenne pepper, cumin, thyme, 1/8 teaspoon of salt, whitepepper, and onion powder together in a bowl.
Rub one side of each chickenbreast thoroughly with the spice mixture.
Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in askillet over high heat.
Sear the chicken breasts, seasoned sides first, in thehot oil until the spices turn almost black, about 1 minute per side; transferto a baking sheet.
Bake the chicken breasts in the preheated oven until no longer pink in thecenter and an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part ofa breast reads at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), 5 to 10 minutes; setaside.
Punch down pizza dough and roll out onto a floured work surface.
Shape pizzacrust on a large pizza stone or heavy baking sheet.
Poke several holes in thecrust with a fork to help it release steam.
Bake the crust in the oven until top is very lightly cooked, 5 to 7 minutes.
Remove from oven and spread a layer of Alfredo sauce over the crust.
Spreadthe mozzarella cheese in an even layer over the sauce.
Slice the blackenedchicken breasts and arrange over the mozzarella cheese.
Sprinkle pizza withspinach leaves and chopped bacon.
Top with 3 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese.
Return pizza to oven and bake until the mozzarella cheese is melted andbrowned, 15 to 20 minutes.
Sprinkle pizza with chopped Roma tomatoes to serve.
