gordos-best-of-the-best-lasagna

Steps

Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna in the
boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the
bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and rinse in cold water.

Cook and stir sausage, beef, onion, and garlic in a large, deep skillet over
medium heat until browned. Stir tomato basil sauce, tomato sauce, diced
tomatoes, 3/4 cup parsley, Italian seasoning, sugar, sea salt, and pepper into
sausage mixture. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to low and cook, stirring
occasionally, until flavors blend, about 30 minutes.

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish
with cooking spray.

Stir ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, Cheddar cheese, eggs, and remaining 1/4
cup parsley together in a large bowl until smooth.

Spread 1 cup tomato sauce in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Cover
sauce with a layer of lasagna noodles and spread the ricotta mixture over the
noodles. Spread a layer of tomato sauce over the ricotta and a layer of
noodles over the tomato sauce. Repeat the layering procedure 1 more time.
Spread remaining sauce over the final layer of noodles and top with mozzarella
cheese. Cover baking dish with aluminum foil.

Bake lasagna in the preheated oven until hot throughout and bubbling, 30 to 40
minutes. Remove the aluminum foil and bake until cheese is golden, about 10
minutes more. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.

Ingredients

1 (16 ounce) package lasagna noodles

1/2 pound bulk spicy pork sausage

1/2 pound ground beef

1/2 cup minced onion

3 cloves garlic, minced

1 (32 ounce) jar tomato basil pasta sauce

1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce

1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes

1 cup dried parsley, divided

1/4 cup Italian seasoning

1 tablespoon white sugar

1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt

1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper

cooking spray

3 cups ricotta cheese

1 cup grated Parmesan cheese

1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese (such as Cabot® Seriously Sharp)

3 eggs, whisked

1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, or to taste

Data Parsed from this [ URL ](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/gordos-best-of-the-
best-lasagna)

