spicy-brunch-lasagna

Steps

In a large skillet, cook the Johnsonville® Mild Italian Ground Sausage until
browned. Drain off fat; set aside. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine
cottage cheese, chives, green onions and carrots; set aside.

In a very large bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, salt and pepper. In a large
skillet, melt butter over medium heat; pour in egg mixture. Cook over medium
heat, without stirring, until mixture begins to set on the bottom and around
the edges. With a spatula or a large spoon, lift and fold the partially cooked
egg mixture so that the uncooked portion flows underneath. Continue cooking
over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes or until egg mixture is cooked through,
but is still glossy and moist. Immediately remove from heat.

In a small bowl, combine the Classico® Four Cheese Alfredo pasta sauce and
Italian seasoning. Spread about 1/2 cup of the sauce mixture over the bottom
of a 3-quart rectangular baking dish. Layer half of the lasagna noodles in the
dish, overlapping as necessary. Top with half of the remaining Classico® Four
Cheese Alfredo pasta sauce, half of the cottage cheese mixture, half the hash
browns, half of the scrambled egg mixture and half of the sausage mixture.
Sprinkle with 1 cup of the cheese. Repeat layers.

Cover dish tightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.

Remove from refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes
before baking. Remove plastic wrap and cover dish with foil. Preheat oven to
350 degrees F. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove foil and bake 15 minutes more or
until heated through. Let stand for 5 minutes before cutting into portions.

Ingredients

1 1/2 pounds Johnsonville® Mild Italian Ground Sausage

1 (24 ounce) carton cottage cheese

1/2 cup finely chopped green onions

1/4 cup snipped fresh chives

1/4 cup finely shredded carrot

18 eggs

1/3 cup milk

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon pepper

2 tablespoons butter

1 (15 ounce) jar Classico® Four Cheese Alfredo pasta sauce

1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, crushed

8 oven-ready lasagna noodles

4 cups frozen shredded hash browns, thawed

2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese

Data Parsed from this [ URL ](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/spicy-brunch-
lasagna)

