crab-stuffed-deviled-eggs

Steps

Place cold eggs from refrigerator into a large pot and add enough cold water
to cover eggs by 1 inch. Place over high heat, bring to a simmer, and cover
pot once eggs start to move around. Remove from heat and let stand for 17
minutes.

Drain hot water from pan, cover with lid, and shake pot to lightly crack eggs.
Fill pot with cold water, pour off cold water, and refill with more cold
water. Let eggs stand in water until cold. Peel eggs and cut in half
lengthwise.

Separate yolks from egg halves; place yolks into a mixing bowl.

Place crab meat onto a plate and separate into 2 equal portions, one
containing the small bits and one containing the attractive larger pink
chunks. Reserve portion containing larger chunks.

Chop the portion of crab meat with the smaller chunks; add to egg yolks. Mash
yolks with a fork. Stir in mayonnaise, tarragon, Dijon mustard, lemon juice,
hot pepper sauce, seafood seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and black
pepper.

Transfer yolk mixture into a piping bag fitted with a medium tip. Pipe crab
filling into cavities of egg halves.

Chop largest crab pieces and place remaining crabmeat into a small bowl.
Lightly stir in lemon zest, creme fraiche, Aleppo pepper, and cayenne pepper
with a fork. Taste and adjust salt. If mixture seems dry, stir in more creme
fraiche. Top each stuffed egg with a generous pinch of crab mixture.

Sprinkle each deviled egg with a pinch of chives and a light dusting of
cayenne pepper. Transfer eggs to a serving platter; refrigerate until serving
time.

Ingredients

6 large eggs

4 ounces fresh crabmeat, divided

3 tablespoons mayonnaise, or to taste

2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon

1 teaspoon Dijon mustard

1 teaspoon lemon juice

1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, or to taste

1 pinch seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®)

3 drops Worcestershire sauce

1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest

1 teaspoon creme fraiche, or more to taste

1/2 teaspoon Aleppo pepper

1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, divided

1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, plus more for garnish

Data Parsed from this [ URL ](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/crab-stuffed-
deviled-eggs)

