Place sausage and ground beef into a large saucepan over medium heat; cook andstir until meat is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes.
Break the meat apartas it cooks.
Stir in mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper,Italian herb seasoning, and red pepper flakes.
Turn heat to medium-high andcook until mushrooms have given off their juices and bottom of pan is almostdry.
Pour prepared marinara sauce into meat mixture.
Pour water into marinara saucejar and shake to get all the sauce out of the jar; add to mixture.
Reduce heatto low and simmer until meat is extremely tender, about 2 hours.
Add a littlemore water if sauce becomes too thick.
Skim excess fat from surface of thesauce and season with more salt and black pepper, if needed.
Turn off heat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Beat eggs in a large bowl and stir in ricotta cheese, 8 ounces dicedmozzarella cheese, and 2/3 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Season cheesemixture with 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, and cayenne pepper;mix in parsley.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna in the boilingwater, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but firm to the bite, about8 minutes.
Drain and rinse noodles and set aside in a bowl of cold water.
Spread 1/4 the sauce into the bottom of a 10x15-inch baking pan.
Top with 1/3the noodles and spread 1/2 the ricotta cheese mixture over noodles.
Spread 1/4the meat sauce over the cheese, top with 1/3 the noodles, and spread remaining1/2 the ricotta mixture over the noodles.
Spread 1/4 the meat sauce over thecheese filling.
Tap the casserole dish lightly on a sturdy work surface tosettle the layers.
Arrange last 1/3 the noodles over sauce and spreadremaining 1/4 the sauce over the noodles.
Dot top of the casserole with 4ounces diced fresh mozzarella cheese and sprinkle with 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Cover casserole with aluminum foil, being sure not to touch the top of thecasserole with the foil.
Place casserole onto a baking sheet to catch spills.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Remove foil and cook until lasagnais golden brown and bubbling, 30 to 35 more minutes.
Let set for 20 minutesbefore cutting into squares.
