Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil overhigh heat.
Stir in 1 tablespoon of olive oil.
Once the water is boiling, stirin the lasagna noodles, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered,stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firmto the bite, about 8 minutes.
Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
Drizzle the cooked noodles with about 1 1/2 teaspoons of olive oil to preventthem from sticking together.
Place the tomatoes, juice and all, into the work bowl of a food processor andpulse to puree, about 1 minute.
Set the tomatoes aside.
Place the onion,carrots, celery, garlic, sage, and rosemary into the food processor, and pulseseveral times, until the vegetables are minced.
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large saucepan over high heat untilsmoking hot, and add the minced vegetables.
Reduce heat to medium, and cookand stir until the vegetables have softened and are just beginning to brown,about 10 minutes.
Stir in the ground beef and Italian sausage, and brown themeat, breaking it apart into crumbles as it cooks, about 10 minutes.
When themeat is no longer pink, stir in the flour, and cook and stir about 2 moreminutes.
Pour in the red wine, bring the mixture to a simmer, and cook,stirring occasionally, until the wine has reduced, about 15 minutes.
Pour thepureed tomatoes, cream, Parmesan cheese, and cinnamon into the meat sauce,bring to a boil over medium heat, reduce heat to a simmer, and cover the pan.
Cook the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes.
Set the sauce aside.
In a large bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, eggs, 3/4 pound of shreddedmozzarella cheese, and kosher salt and pepper.
Reserve 1/4 pound of mozzarellafor topping.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13-inch baking dishwith olive oil.
To make the lasagna, lay about 4 noodles in the bottom of the prepared bakingdish, running the long way, and slightly overlap them to cover the bottomcompletely.
Spread 1/3 of the ricotta cheese mixture over the noodles, and topwith 1/4 of the meat sauce.
Top with a second layer of noodles, running theshort way.
Top the second layer with 1/3 of the ricotta cheese mixture and 1/4of the meat sauce as before; make a 3rd layer of noodles, the last third ofthe ricotta mixture, and 1/4 of the meat sauce.
Place one more layer ofnoodles, and top with the last 1/4 of the meat sauce.
Sprinkle the reservedmozzarella cheese over the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until the lasagna is bubbling and the cheese ismelted and lightly browned, 45 to 55 minutes.
Let the lasagna stand about 5minutes before serving.
