Fill a saucepan with 1/2 inch of water, then add pumpkin pieces.
Bring to aboil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and steam untilthe pumpkin is very tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Drain pumpkin, then mash with 1tablespoon butter, cinnamon; salt and pepper to taste, then set aside.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Whisk in flour andcook, stirring constantly, until the paste just begins to turn golden, about 2minutes.
Whisk in milk gradually so that no lumps form.
Bring to a gentleboil.
Add the bay leaves, and reduce heat to low or warm.
Allow to gently cookfor 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently, then remove from heat.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir inonion, fennel, and garlic; cook until the onion has softened and turnedtranslucent, about 5 minutes.
Add spinach and cook until wilted.
Scrapemixture into a large bowl, and mix well with ricotta cheese and nutmeg.
Using the same skillet, heat another 1 tablespoon olive oil over high heat.
Brown ground beef in oil, mixing thoroughly to break into small pieces.
Oncebrowned, reduce heat to medium-low and pour off excess grease.
Stir in tomatopaste and tomato puree.
Gently simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch lasagnadish.
Line the bottom of the lasagna dish with 4 noodles, do not overlap.
Spread thericotta mixture evenly over noodles, then sprinkle with 1/3 of the Parmesancheese.
Place another 4 noodles on top of the ricotta, then spread with evenlywith the mashed pumpkin.
Place the remaining 4 noodles on top of the pumpkinand top with the tomato sauce; sprinkle with another 1/3 of the Parmesancheese.
Stir the white sauce until smooth, then discard the bay leaves; pourthe sauce over top of the lasagna.
Sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Place lasagna dish onto a foil-lined baking sheet (to catch any spills).
Bakein preheated oven until the noodles have softened, and the white sauce hasturned bubbly and golden brown, about 30 minutes.
